Python visual fraud example (#10)
aerospike/aerospike-graph: examples/connor-python-example/requirements.txt

> The fraud-mimic.py example is a command line application
>       that generates a graph of transactions between users, and runs sample queries.
> 
> The TransactionsBetweenUsers.py example is a web application that
>       visualizes transactions between users in a web browser where you can
>       refresh data and query for different users.
> 
> 
> Step 1: Start Docker Image:
> From the root of the example directory, run the following command to start the Docker image:
> docker compose up -d
> Step 2: Install Python Dependencies:
> pip install gremlinpython dash dash-cytoscape dash-bootstrap-components
> 
> Step 3: Run the Example:
> python fraud-mimic.py
> OR
> python TransactionsBetweenUsers.py
> 
> Step 4: Open the Web Application:
> Open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:8050/ to view the web application.
> There is only a web application for the TransactionsBetweenUsers.py example.
> The  fraud-mimic.py example is a command line application.

Reviewer: Convert to markdown file and do something like this:
```suggestion
# Overview
The fraud-mimic.py example is a command line application
that generates a graph of transactions between users, and runs sample queries.

The transactions-between-users.py example is a web application that 
visualizes transactions between users in a web browser where you can
refresh data and query for different users.

# Usage
1. Start Docker Image: 
From the root of the example directory, run the following command to start the Docker image:
`docker compose up -d`

2. Install Python Dependencies:
`pip install gremlinpython dash dash-cytoscape dash-bootstrap-components`

3. Run the Example:
`python fraud-mimic.py`
OR
`python transctions-between-users.py`

4. Open the Web Application:
Open your web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8050/` to view the web application.
There is only a web application for the `transctions-between-users.py` example.
The  `fraud-mimic.py` example is a command line application.
```
